Homework 1
Important: To submit your homework share your GitHub repository with stephaneguerrier and munsheet by the deadline (i.e. 09/14/17 at 4PM). Do not modify your homework after the deadline. We will grade the most recent (~ 4PM) portion of your RMarkdown file.
The objectives of this homework assignment are the following

Build your own RMarkdown document;
Master different aspects of RMarkdown syntax;
Become familiar with GitHub as collaborative tool.
To start, create a (perferably private) GitHub repository for your group, and name it stat297hw1. Once again, make sure to add munsheet and stephaneguerrier as collaborators. This project must be done using GitHub and respect the following requirements:

All members of the group must commit at least once.
All commit messages must be reasonably clear and meaningful.
Your GitHub repository much include at least one issue containing some form of TO DO list.
In your repository create a file called providing an HTML output with the theme cerulean and syntax highlighting tango. This file should contain the following elements:

A “title” section which should at least include:
A title (e.g. Homework 1)
The authors
The date (think of using Sys.time())
A section called “Introduction” where you provide a short summary of the structure of your homework. Moreover, record a short video to introduce your group and include it in your R Markdown document.

A section called “Group Members”. This sections should have one sub-section for each group member in your team. For example, a group with three members should have three biographies in total. Each of these sub-sections (named after each group member) should include small biographies containing at least the following elements:

A picture of your choice (preferably of yourself). Make sure to include a caption for this image.
A paragraph describing your favorite hobby as well as one interesting fact about yourself.
Your favorite quote in blockquote format and be sure to reference your quote using BibTex.
A table having two columns (first column containing the classes you are following this semester; second column containing the time of these classes).
A section called “R Markdown Syntax”, where you will demonstrate your R Markdown skills! In this section make sure to:

Show an example where the chunk option cache = T leads to a misleading answer. This example must be different from the one presented in the textbook.
Simulate 100 random samples from a standard normal distribution using the function rnorm(). Store these 100 values in a vector called x. Then, compute the empirical median, mean and variance of x. Are these results different from 0, 0 and 1 (their respective theoretical values)? Is this result surprising? Justify your answer.
Include a graph showing the histogram of x (make sure to include a caption to this figure), this can be done in R using the function hist().
Include the equation below:
E[var{v1(?^,n)||?^}]=var{v1(?0,n)}+E[Op{D1(?*,n)(?^-?0),…,Dp(?*,n)(?-?0)}]